***ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS BELOW***

What is a programming language?
Answer: A programming language is a set of grammatical
rules for instructing a computer or computing device to perform specific tasks

What is a JDK composed of? Define each components?
Answer: JDK is composed of JVM(Java Virtual Machine), JRE(Java Runtime Environment),
An interpreter/loader (Java), A compiler (javac) & An archiver (jar).

What is an IDE?
Answer:Integrated Development Environment is a software application that enables users
       to write and debug Java programs more easily.

What are some of the most popular Java IDEs available in the market?
Answer: IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, NetBeans

Explain the entire java life cycle.
Answer: In the begining of the process the source code which has a .java extension is compiled
    into bytecode which has a .class extension by the Java Compiler. Then the JVM will execute
    the bytecode.

What is a class?
Answer: A class is a blueprint of creating an object.

What is an object?
Answer: An object is an instance of the class

What is the entry point of a Java project?
Answer: Main method

Why is the main() method static?
Answer: The main() method is static because JVM can invoke it without instantiating the class.

Which class is the superclass of all classes?
Answer: java.lang.Object is the superclass of all the classes.

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
Answer: Path is set for java tools in java programs like java and javac, which are used to compile your code.
        Whereas, Classpath is used by System or Application class loader to locate and load compile
        Java bytecodes stored in the '. class file'.

What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Answer: In Abstract class we can have abstract methods or not, but abstract method has to be in an abstract
    class. However, interface is 100% abstract in nature.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class? If yes or no, how would you do it?
Answer: No, you cannot make an object from an interface or an abstract class. we can make objects of the
class that extends to implement it.

What is Access Modifier?
Answer: Access Modifier is a part of Method Signature. It tells us where a method can be accessed.

What is OOP? Define each OOP concept.
Answer: OOP stands for Object-Oriented Programming.
Encapsulation: this concept states that all the attributes and methods of an object is kept
private and safe from the interference by another object.
Inheritance: concept of inheritance states that we can extract the logic from a class (called parent class)
and give it another class called Child class.
Abstraction: abstraction states that an object which call a method doesn't need to know how it
works, but only that it works.
Polymorphism: this concept of OOP gives us a way to use an object exactly like its parent class, but
letting child class keep its own methods as they are.


What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
Answer: Package is the collection of Java classes and interfaces, and it gets imported from default package
java.lang

What is an API? List some API's that you have used so far.
Answer: An API is an application programming interface. It allows two applications communicate with each other.

Does java support multiple inheritance? Why or why not?
Answer: No it does not do multiple interface, because it wants to prevent ambiguity.

What is method overloading? List all of the different ways to overload.
Answer: Method overloading is when a method has the same name as one or more methods within that class but
the parameters are different.
- The number of parameters in two methods.
- The data types of the parameters of methods.
- The Order of the parameters of methods.


Explain exceptions in java and how to handle them.
Answer: When we put the code you want to run in the try block, and any Java exceptions that the
        code throws are caught by one or more catch blocks.


What is static keyword? When and how do we use it?
Answer: The keyword static means that the particular member belongs to a type itself, rather than to an instance of that type.
        Users can apply static keywords with variables, methods, blocks, and nested classes.
        The static keyword belongs to the class than an instance of the class


What is final keyword? When and how do we use it?
Answer: Final keyword is an access modifier. It is used when programmer don't want to change to the value of the
        attribute or method. it is written as "FINAL"  in-front of all attribute or in front
        of the method name.

Explain the difference between final, finally and finalize?
Answer: final is used for restricting some functionalities, so that users cannot change any information.
        finally is a block use to place important code in this block and finalize is a method use to perform
         clean up processing right before the object is collected by garbage collector.

What is a constructor?
Answer: A Constructor is used to create an object for the class it belongs to.

Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
Answer: Yes, we can have multiple constructor in a class, but it should be overloaded constructor.

If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
Answer: If we don't declare the constructor, Java will still declare it for us in the background, and we
        can access it by using class name.

What is "this" keyword in Java? When would we use it?
Answer: The "this" keyword refers to the object of the current class. It's commonly used to prevent confusion between class attributes
        and parameters.

What is "super" keyword in Java? What are some scenarios we would use it?
Answer: super' is a keyword used to access data of the parent class.
        Example of that  vehicle and car both classes have a common property color. If we print color
        property, it will print the color of current class by default.


What does JVM stand for?
Answer: Java Virtual Machine

Is JVM platform independent?
Answer: It is not independent.

What version of Java are you using?
Answer: 11.0.14

What does JAR stand for?
Answer: Java Archive

What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
Answer: JDK is a software development kit to develop applications in Java.
        JVM executes Java byte code and provides an environment for executing it.

What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
Answer: The JRE is the implementation of the JVM. It is the environment in which the JVM runs.

Explain the difference between compile-time and run-time?
Answer: compile-time is when the source code is converted into executable code.
        Run-time is when the executable code has started running.

What is heap?
Answer: Heap is the memory used to store objects.


How does Java manage its memory?
Answer: In Java, memory management is the process of allocation and de-allocation of objects, called
        Memory management. Java does memory management automatically. Java uses an automatic memory
        management system called a garbage collector.

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
Answer:

What is Singleton class?
Answer: A class that can have only one object (an instance of the class) at a time.

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
Answer:Serialization is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into a byte stream.
       Deserialization is the reverse process where the byte stream is used to recreate the actual Java
       object in memory.

Explain the difference between While and Do..While loops?
Answer: While loop will iterate or executes the code block as long as the condition is true.
        Do While will loop or executes the code block first and then check the condition.

What is Enum?
Answer: An enum is a special "class" that represents a group of constants

What is Iterator?
Answer: An Iterator is an object that can be used to loop through collections, like ArrayList and HashSet.

Which one will take more memory: an int or Integer? Why?
Answer: Integer will take more memories because it is an object whereas int is primitive data type and
        takes less memory.

Why are Strings considered to be immutable in Java?
Answer: The String is immutable in Java because of the security, synchronization and concurrency, caching,
        and class loading.

What is constructor chaining in Java?
Answer: the process of invoking a sequence of constructors upon initialization of a class object.

The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
Answer: The only difference between serial and parallel garbage collector is that serial garbage collector
        uses a single thread for garbage collection process while the parallel garbage collector uses
        multiple threads for the garbage collection.

What does JIT stands for?
Answer: Just In Time

Explain the process of Java garbage collection?
Answer: java garbage collection is the process by which Java programs perform automatic memory management.

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
Answer: No, because even though Garbage Collector tries its best to free up the memory to be use by objects,
        if there is insufficient memory, an out of memory exception will be thrown.

What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
Answer: Stack is used to store the order of method execution and local variables
        while heap memory stores the objects

What is reflection in Java and why is it useful?
Answer: It allows an executing Java program to examine or "introspect" upon itself, and manipulate internal
        properties of the program.

What is multithreading in Java?
Answer: In Java, Multithreading refers to a process of executing two or more threads simultaneously for
        maximum utilization of the CPU

What is synchronization in Java?
Answer: Synchronization in java is the capability to control the access of multiple threads to any
        shared resource.

What is a Framework?
Answer: framework is  predefined classes and methods that developers can use to develop web applications.


What are the testing Frameworks available in Java?
Answer: Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG, and JUnit.

What are jUnit and testNG?
Answer: these are testing framework in java.

What are the dependencies for this project?
Answer: gson, jackson-annotations, jackson-core, jackson-databind, java-json, javax.json, mongo-java-driver,
        mysql-connector-java, protobuf-java & testng.

What is dependency injection in Java?
Answer: Dependency injection (DI) is the concept in which objects get other required objects from outside.

Explain what static binding and dynamic binding is?
Answer: Static binding uses Type information for binding while Dynamic binding uses Objects to resolve binding.